Resumable Upload: Requesting digests from server using `Want-Repr-Digest` (#2917)
httpwg/http-extensions: draft-ietf-httpbis-resumable-upload.md

# Integrity Digests

The integrity of an entire upload or individual upload requests can be verifying using digests from {{DIGEST-FIELDS}}.

If the client knows the integrity digest of the entire data before creating an upload resource, it MAY include the `Repr-Digest` header field when creating an upload ({{upload-creation}}). Once the upload is completed, the server can compute the integrity digest of the received upload representation and compare it to the provided digest. If the digests don't match the server SHOULD consider the transfer failed and not process the uploaded data further. This way, the integrity of the entire uploaded data can be protected.

> In the other case, that the client does not know the integrity digest of the entire data upfront, it can ask the server to compute the integrity digests during the upload and send them back to the client. The client expresses its interest using the `Want-Repr-Digest` header field with its preferred algorithms when creating an upload ({{upload-creation}}). The server SHOULD compute the representation digests using the preferred algorithms once the upload is complete and include the corresponding `Repr-Digest` header field in the response. Alternatively, the server MAY compute the digest continuously during the upload and include the `Repr-Digest` header field in responses to upload creation ({{upload-creation}}) and upload appending requests ({{upload-appending}}) even when the upload is not completed yet. This allows the client to simultaneously compute the digest of the transmitted upload data, compare its digest to the server's digest, and spot data integrity issues. If an upload is spread across multiple requests, data integrity issues can be found even before the upload is fully completed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When creating an upload (see {{upload-creation}}),
the client MAY ask the server to compute and return the integrity digests using a `Want-Repr-Digest` field conveying the preferred algorithms.
The response SHOULD include at least one of the requested digests,
but MAY not include it. <!-- If the server is overloaded -->

The server SHOULD compute the representation digests using the preferred algorithms once the upload is complete and include the corresponding `Repr-Digest` header field in the response. Alternatively, the server MAY compute the digest continuously during the upload and include the `Repr-Digest` header field in responses to upload creation ({{upload-creation}}) and upload appending requests ({{upload-appending}}) even when the upload is not completed yet. This allows the client to simultaneously compute the digest of the transmitted upload data, compare its digest to the server's digest, and spot data integrity issues. If an upload is spread across multiple requests, data integrity issues can be found even before the upload is fully completed.
```
